(enchanting music)
(light beams whoosh)
(theme music begins)
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in deep
♪ Trying to take the leap
♪ Believe you can fly
♪ Become the wind
♪ Soar beyond the unknown
(theme music continues)
♪ Can't hold back
this lightning speed ♪
♪ Trust your heart
will take the lead ♪
♪ Never turning back and
never letting fate decide ♪
♪ Skies ahead may not be blue
♪ That don't mean we
can't break through ♪
♪ Leave your cares behind
♪ We'll never know
until we try ♪
♪ So what can we say
♪ We'll blaze our own way
♪ We'll make it up
♪ We're cranking
up the altitude ♪
♪ Oh, yeah, breathe in
deep, gonna take the leap ♪
♪ Sail into the sky
♪ Over the horizon,
adventure waits ♪
♪ It's calling you
♪ Don't dare think twice
♪ Just take the dive
♪ Yeah, become the wind
♪ And soar beyond the unknown
♪ Chasing the
light of tomorrow ♪
♪ Illuminate a new,
and glorious world ♪
(volcano exploding)
[Narrator] Guided by the
power of the eight crests,
a new chapter of
the Digi-Destined's
great adventure had now begun.
Who knows what
sort of trials and
tribulations
they'll need to face
in their fight against
the Great Catastrophe.
Exhausted from their
battle with Millenniummon,
Patamon and Gatomon
took off with Joe
to heal up at the hot springs.
However...
-What?
(group gasping)
[Group] The hot
springs are gone!
Why?
You think we took a
wrong turn somewhere?
[Joe] This is
definitely the place,
but they've vanished
into this air!
(Kari sneezing)
It's cold.
We should warm up
inside Komondomon.
(Kari sighing) But.
(Komondomon barking)
Of course.
Just our luck.
I promise they were right here.
-(Joe gasping)
-(Gomamon gasping)
[Kabukimon] Now wait
just one moment!
(wood planks clicking)
Let the hot springs bloom!
Let the banquet begin!
(dramatic drum music)
Ah, but who is that
lurking through
the steam of the bath?
Yoh!
Why, that would
be the continent's
most stylish Digimon.
Me!
Kabukimon!
(wood planks clicking)
-(wind howling)
-(group humming)
Okay.
Anyway, do you know what
happened to the springs?
'Cause we could use a soak.
[Kabukimon] It was
a torrid tragedy.
The weather grew colder and
every last one of them
completely dried up!
-(Gomamon gasping)
-(Joe gasping)
You're kidding.
[Kabukimon] Fear
not, my friends!
There happens to be a glorious
geyser within the mansion
where my lord resides.
(group gasping)
His what?
This fellow could be our
ticket to steam town!
(Kari gasping)
Guess we kind of
lucked out, huh?
Right, then!
We will gladly take
you up on your offer!
[Kabukimon] Magnificent!
That's one hot spring
getaway for a party of six!
-(wood planks clicking)
-Right this way!
(uneasy music)
Kindly open the gates,
my gallant Gekomon!
[Gekomon] Geko!
(uneasy violin music)
[Kabukimon] Feast
your eyes on this
sumptuous and most stunning
oasis of opulent delights!
Welcome to Shangri-La!
(group gasping)
[Group] So cool!
Impressive!
It's gigantic!
[Gomamon] Pretty epic, huh?
(wood planks clicking)
[Kabukimon] On
your knees, please!
Presenting the magnanimous
master of Geko Hot Springs!
Behold!
Lord ShogunGekomon!
(ShogunGekomon chuckling)
(group gasping)
Put me in that hot spring!
-(Joe giggling)
-Right behind ya!
[Kabukimon] Hold your horses!
Hey.
What is it now?
[Kabukimon] Step
away, you peasants!
The water is off limits to lowly
-(ShogunGekomon chuckling)
-commoners like yourselves!
Really?
But didn't you say
you'd let us in?
[Kabukimon] I said
there was a hot spring,
but I never said you
could bathe in it.
(ShogunGekomon laughing)
How come?
There's lots of
room for everyone.
[Kabukimon] This
hot spring is for
my lord alone to enjoy and it's
the only one left in this world.
We wanted to keep
things exclusive,
so we drained all the others.
No way!
You mean those springs
disappeared because of you?
(ShogunGekomon laughing)
That's so selfish!
You'll never get away
with such cruelty!
[Kabukimon] Feel free to
prattle on as much as you like,
but whatever my lordship
decides is absolute!
I'm confused here.
Why did you even
bother inviting us
to the palace to begin with?
[Kabukimon] I'm glad you asked.
(group yelling)
How goes the tasting, my lord?
No!
(ShogunGekomon giggling)
(Gomamon growling)
[ShogunGekomon] So soft!
[Kabukimon] Very
keen of you, sir!
-Excellent choice!
-Furry, warm, and huggable!
[ShogunGekomon] You're
exactly my type.
A soft and cozy bundle!
What do you call
yourself little one?
[Gomamon] I'm Gomamon!
(Gomamon growling)
[ShogunGekomon] Goma, is it?
-(Gomamon growling)
-Ogoma!
What an adorable moniker!
Rejoice, my love!
For it is you I've
chosen to marry!
(ShogunGekomon laughing)
Sorry, what?
Come again?
[Group] Marry?
(man yelling)
Time out! We need to
back up for a sec!
Are you saying what I
think you're saying?
That's absurd!
You can't force Gomamon
into marrying you!
[Kabukimon] The most
luxuriously soft bride-to-be!
The most luxuriously
warm hot spring!
My lord now
possesses the perfect
pairing of comfort and cozy!
He's become the Ultimate
Cozy Hot Spring Shogun!
Are you kidding?
The both of them
are totally nuts!
I think they must've
absorbed information
from the human world,
but some of it got scrambled.
Hands off!
Let me go already!
Ultimate Shogun my butt!
(ShogunGekomon laughing)
Gomamon!
[ShogunGekomon] Musical Fist!
(group yelling)
Hey!
Don't leave me with this guy!
[ShogunGekomon] Oh, Ogoma!
I think it's time we get to know
each other a little better.
Ew!
No, I'm good!
Please!
It's not you, it's me!
[Kabukimon] Now enjoy
yourself, my lord.
(Joe shivering)
It's freezing!
Over here!
Are you okay?
[Group] And pull!
(Joe groaning)
Thanks, guys.
Is everyone else good?
We're okay.
Gomamon's still
kidnapped, though.
No!
I'll rescue them!
(Joe groaning)
Wait. I recognize that hair.
Could it be?
I'll handle this!
Lightning Paw!
[Joe] I knew it!
Blossomon!
And Nanimon!
What's wrong?
I was kind of
hoping for a fight.
[Joe] Well, anyway,
long time no see.
Have you been staying warm?
Friends of yours?
Actually, it's complicated.
You could say we're
acquaintances.
Or something along those lines.
(wind howling)
After the hot
springs disappeared,
these Digimon had
nowhere else to go.
I feel bad for them.
-(Joe growling)
-(intense trumpet music)
[Joe Voiceover]
Despite our scrapes,
we did all share
the same bathwater.
So Joe Kiddo is not about to
give them the cold shoulder.
Not after everything
we've been through.
It wouldn't be right!
We'd better find a
way to warm up soon.
Should we build a fire?
Do you have anything we
could use for kindling, Joe?
Joe?
-(intense trumpet music)
-(Joe panting)
[Gekomon] Geko!
Give 'em back.
Give everyone's
hot springs back!
(Gekomon growling)
(Joe yelling)
(group gasping)
[Junkmon] Safety first!
(Joe yelling)
Gotcha!
That was great timing, Agumon.
Thanks a lot.
You are very welcome, Joe.
[Tai] Nice catch there!
-(Joe giggling)
-(Tai giggling)
(ShogunGekomon laughing)
[ShogunGekomon]
Oh, how delecable!
(ShogunGekomon laughing)
(Gomamon growling)
Let me go you weirdo!
[ShogunGekomon] Still
haven't given up, have you?
(Gomamon shivering)
[ShogunGekomon] You
should forget about
your little friends.
I'm sure the
snowstorm has probably
tuned them all into
ice sculptures!
(Gomamon growling)
You shouldn't
underestimate them!
(ShogunGekomon laughing)
[ShogunGekomon] I love
that hot temper of yours.
You just might make
the bath boil over!
Oh my, are you scared?
Oh, you're so cute
when you shiver.
[Gomamon Voiceover] The
others might be in trouble.
I've gotta think
of something quick
so I can make my escape.
Nah, I'm not scared.
I'm excited!
-[ShogunGekomon] Oh yes.
-(Gomamon groaning)
[Gomamon Voiceover] This
guy doesn't give up,
and neither will I!
I think I'm all caught up now.
Sounds like sneaking
into ShogunGekomon's
love nest is gonna be
tougher than we thought.
The Gekomon's
defenses are so solid,
they're practically
a living blockade.
Then we charge through
it paws-a-blazing!
Yeah.
Like ka-pow!
Isn't that a bit
reckless, though?
We might end up demolishing
the whole place.
Worst case scenario,
the walls collapse and
Gomamon is trapped inside.
(Joe growling)
-(group gasping)
-Why bother charging in?
We could simply
lure them outside.
That's a great idea!
Well, we still
need to figure out
what we're baiting them with.
(suspenseful violin music)
I've got the perfect solution!
(bells ringing)
-(Gomamon groaning)
-(playful piano music)
[ShogunGekomon] Round and
round and round you go!
You're making me dizzy.
(ShogunGekomon giggling)
[ShogunGekomon] You put
the hot in hot springs!
(Gomamon growling)
(Gomamon groaning)
[Gomamon Voiceover]
The heat is starting
to make me lose it!
At this rate, I'm never
gonna get out of here!
(loud explosions)
-(Gomamon gasping)
-(ShogunGekomon gasping)
[Kabukimon] Pardon
the intrusion, sir!
(Kabukimon gargling)
[ShogunGekomon]
This better be good.
[Kabukimon] My Lord!
I'm sorry.
But there's an emergency!
(wood planks clicking)
Bombs away!
Here, have another!
(bombs exploding)
Step right up, everyone!
You're in for a treat.
Beat the cold and
support your local bath!
Come on!
Don't be shy!
The water sure is
nice and steamy!
Don't miss out!
[Group] Splish, splish, splash!
Come enjoy the bath!
Splish, splish, splash!
[Kabukimon] It seems
a new spring has
emerged from the frost!
[ShogunGekomon] How dare they!
They'll pay for this misdeed!
I shall personally drain
every last hot spring,
except my own!
Prepare the carriage!
(intense orchestra music)
Why are you filling
that giant tub?
[Kabukimon] Our lordship
exerts the most power
when submerged within
a cozy vat of H20.
So he must stay that way,
even while traveling.
Now, let us depart!
(ShogunGekomon growling)
[ShogunGekomon] As soon as
I step out of the water,
I go cold and clammy!
(splash)
(ShogunGekomon sighing)
Much better.
I'm at my best when I'm
cozy and warm and wet.
(ShogunGekomon laughing)
[Kabukimon] Now
march, you drumskulls!
(intense drum music)
Hook, line, and sinker, guys!
Get ready!
Here they come!
Woo hoo!
Everything's going
according to plan.
Yeah.
I figured they wouldn't be
able to resist drying us out.
Okay!
Brace yourselves, folks!
[Group] Okidokie!
[Joe Voiceover] Hang
in there, Gomamon.
I swear I'll save you!
(ShogunGekomon laughing)
[ShogunGekomon]
Steam ahead, boys!
-(ShogunGekomon laughing)
-(Gomamon gasping)
Hey, my all powerful lord.
I really wanna try that
new hot spring right now.
Pretty please?
(ShogunGekomon squealing)
[ShogunGekomon] So cute!
Humana, humana, humana, hoom!
[Kabukimon] Wait, my lord!
You mustn't!
[ShogunGekomon] Ho-ho!
-(Joe gasping)
-(Tai gasping)
(splash)
(group gasping)
I suppose he didn't need
very much convincing, huh?
(ShogunGekomon chuckling)
[ShogunGekomon] It's
bit tepid in here.
What do you think,
Ogoma my dear?
What?
(ShogunGekomon
blowing a raspberry)
Where has my demur
darling run off to?
Gadzooks!
Where did these
savages come from?
Hey, Joe!
Gomamon!
[ShogunGekomon] Ogoma!
I missed you, buddy!
I missed you too!
I saw the fireworks and I
knew it was you right away!
Thanks, friends!
Glad our old bath buds helped.
Joe's rescue plan worked!
We're glad to have
you back, Gomamon.
Now let's clean up.
Yeah!
[Kabukimon] Faster,
you nincompoops!
Can I help you?
[Greymon] Bathing
hours are over, chumps!
You'll wish you washed at home
once we're through with you!
[Kabukimon] Why you little...
To arms!
Attack them!
-(Gekomon yelling)
-[Greymon] Nova Blast!
(Gekomon yelling)
(Kabukimon growling)
Then I'll have to
strike you down myself!
Wee, wee, wee, wee, wee, wee!
[ShogunGekomon] How
could you, Ogoma?
That isn't my name!
It's Gomamon, dummy!
And my partner
will always be Joe!
Listen up, you big bully!
All the water you stole?
You're gonna give it back!
(suspenseful music)
[Gomamon] Gomamon, digivolve to!
(Ikkakumon roaring)
[Ikkakumon] Ikkakumon!
(ShogunGekomon gasping)
[Ikkakumon] ShogunGekomon
draws his power
from hot springs.
So that's why he's always trying
to keep himself sopping.
[Ikkakumon] But the
temperature's important, too.
He's weak to the cold and
can't move outside the bath.
[Joe] Oh yeah?
Then we should drag
him outta there and-
(ShogunGekomon laughing)
[ShogunGekomon] Yes.
It's you.
The bride of my dreams!
(Ikkakumon gasping)
-(Ikkakumon yelling)
-(Joe yelling)
[ShogunGekomon] Nothing's
gonna get in the way
of our love this
time, buttercup.
[Kabukimon] Wedge Attack!
-(metal banging)
-(Greymon growling)
(fireball exploding)
(Ikkakumon growling)
-(Ikkakumon growling)
-(Joe growling)
[ShogunGekomon Voiceover]
I'm the Ultimate Cozy Shogun!
Submit to me!
-(group gasping)
-Ikkakumon, you can't!
Don't let him kiss you!
[ShogunGekomon Voiceover]
Embrace the moment!
As long as he's
still in that bath,
the rest of us are in hot water!
[Ikkakumon] Good one, Joe.
How do we change that?
Oh wait.
Actually, he should
stay right where he is.
Hey, Ikkakumon!
Aim for that point over there!
[Ikkakumon] On it!
Harpoon Torpedo!
(torpedo exploding)
[ShogunGekomon] No!
Gadzooks!
The spring is
starting to freeze!
I need hot water!
[Joe] Sorry.
You're just gonna have
to deal, your lordship.
[ShogunGekomon] Say what?
You heard me.
This is a fake
hot spring we made
to draw you out here.
You're sitting in
a common puddle.
(victorious music)
It won't heat up again.
Once it chills all the
way down, you're done for!
[ShogunGekomon] That's cold!
Hurry, everyone!
Shovel in as much
snow as you can!
[Junkmon] That's it!
Keep it moving!
Let's go, let's go!
[Ikkakumon] Harpoon Torpedo!
(ShogunGekomon yelling)
[ShogunGekomon] I'm as
limp as a wet noodle.
Enough smooching for you!
[Ikkakumon] Ikkakumon
digivolve to!
(upbeat rock music)
[Zudomon] Zudomon!
[ShogunGekomon] What happened?
You used to be so
much more cuddly.
[Zudomon] You washed my back,
so I'm washing yours!
-(upbeat rock music)
-(ShogunGekomon yelling)
[ShogunGekomon] You
call this a puddle?
It's practically an ice bath!
[Tai] It's our turn!
[Greymon] Greymon digivolve to!
(upbeat rock music)
[MetalGreymon] MetalGreymon!
[Tai] Time to let loose, pal!
[MetalGreymon] Giga Blaster!
(upbeat rock music)
[Kabukimon] What the?
[Gekomon] Geko!
Geko!
(Kabukimon yelling)
(splash)
[Kabukimon] My lord!
[ShogunGekomon] Kabukimon?
-(ShogunGekomon shivering)
-(Kabukimon shivering)
[Zudomon] Ahem!
[ShogunGekomon] Wait!
Let's talk about this.
How 'bout I grant
you half of the
palace's hot spring water?
That's a fair deal, right?
But that water's
for everyone to use.
A hot spring is a communal place
for all to comfort
their bodies and souls.
It's sacred!
[Zudomon] You've
been soaking in your
cozy shogun delusion
for way too long!
Voltage Hammer!
-(Kabukimon yelling)
-(ShogunGekomon yelling)
(ShogunGekomon groaning)
Hah!
Time to dry off!
Bravo!
[Group] Amazing!
(bright piano music)
[Zudomon] Well, I
had a lot of help.
[Joe] Thanks a lot!
(bright trumpet music)
How is it? You like it?
Uh huh. It feels nice.
It does.
I could soak forever.
Well, it looks comfy.
Maybe I'll hop in.
(group sighing)
Hey, you guys.
Still plenty of
room in the bath.
[ShogunGekomon] Wait.
Really?
Are you saying you'd
let us bathe here too?
Did you forget?
I said that hot
springs are for all.
[ShogunGekomon] Thank you!
You're a lord among lords, sir!
Wait, for real?
Little old me?
Yeah!
Be the lord you
were meant to be.
Not sure I wanna do that.
Hey, enough chit-chat.
Let's hurry up and
get to relaxing.
-(ShogunGekomon giggling)
-[Kabukimon] How decadent!
(group laughing)
Nothing better than
winding down with friends.
(Joe chuckling)
[Joe] Hot springs
sure are the best.
-(Joe laughing)
-(Gomamon laughing)
♪ The colors blend
in the horizon ♪
♪ Speeding straight
into a new sun rising ♪
♪ Never ending seas and
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ It lies ahead the path
♪ To what you hope to find
♪ Well that's right
we'll fly forever ♪
♪ You know the time to start
♪ Is now or never
♪ Soaring overseas through
the blue of the sky ♪
♪ Tomorrow lies ahead
♪ In wait for us to find
♪ Smile on
♪ We're beyond the point
of no return now ♪
♪ So bring it on
♪ Yeah, bring it on
♪ We can see the writing
on the wall now ♪
♪ We'll battle on
♪ Oh, we're not done
♪ even if they say that
we're running aground now ♪
♪ We're flying on
♪ Flying on
♪ 'Cause we're the ones who have
something we're fighting for! ♪
[Izzy Voiceover] The
Digimon Encyclopedia.
ShogunGekomon.
That antenna looks
like a nobleman's
topknot hairdo and his
horns are unique, too.
His lordship's singing voice is
actually quite
resonant and refined.
Let's check out more
facts about him.
The low frequency waves
from ShogunGekomon's
Musical Fist ability supposedly
have healing properties.
My shoulders are stiff from
hunching over the computer.
Wonder if he could heal that?
(victorious music)
Which Digimon will
it be next time?
[Narrator] Can Tai
and Greymon warm the
cold metal gears of
Rebellimon's heart
and restore peace
to a lawless land?
[Tai Voiceover] Next time:
"The Vagrant War
Demon, Rebellimon!"
[Narrator] The adventure
continues in a new world.